feat(effects): resubscribe to effects on error (#1881)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/migration/v8.md

);
```

### @ngrx/effects

#### Resubscribe on Errors

> If error occurs (or it flattened into) main effect's pipe then it will be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an error occurs (or is flattened) in the main effect's pipe then it will be 
```

reported and the effect is resubscribed automatically. In cases when this new behavior is

> undesirable, it can be turned off with `{resubscribeOnError: false}` metadata

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
undesirable, it can be disabled using `{resubscribeOnError: false}` within the effect metadata
```

> setting (for each effect individually). [Learn more](/guide/effects/lifecycle#resubscribe-on-error).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 (for each effect individually). [Learn more](/guide/effects/lifecycle#resubscribe-on-error).
```
